# Refactoring and adding tests for Backend

In this chapter, we will refactor our Phoenix codebase and fix tests. So our step would be to adopt a consistent naming
for database tables and column names. Currently we have camel case and snake case for our table column names. We will
adopt the snake case style for our column names. The first step to achieve this would be to create a migration and then
rename the required columns in that migration.

```bash
mix ecto.gen.migration rename_fields_snake_case
```

This will create a file in the **priv/repo/migrations/** folder. Lets make the following changes there.

```ruby
defmodule Ms.Repo.Migrations.RenameFieldsSnakeCase do
  use Ecto.Migration

  def change do
    rename table("orders"), :creationDate, to: :creation_date
    rename table("order_items"), :unitPrice, to: :unit_price
    rename table("deliveries"), :orderitem, to: :order_item
  end
end
```

The **change** function will be executed when we apply the migration. The changes are self-explanatory. Now we need to
rename all occurrences of **unitPrices** to **unit_price** and so on in all files. This is a simple search and replace
operation. This results in changes in **schema** files inside **ms/** directory. For example the **ms/order_management/order_item.ex** file
becomes

```ruby
defmodule Ms.OrderManagement.OrderItem do
  use Ecto.Schema
  import Ecto.Changeset

  schema "order_items" do
    field :amount, :integer
    field :unit_price, :float
    field :product, :id
    field :order, :id

    timestamps()
  end

  @doc false
  def changeset(order_item, attrs) do
    order_item
    |> cast(attrs, [:amount, :unit_price])
    |> validate_required([:amount, :unit_price])
  end
end
```

This will also change some tests. But by running tests using,

```bash
MIX_ENV=test mix test
```

we can confirm that all tests are passing.
**MIX_ENV** is an environment telling mix about the running context. For example to drop the test database from ecto, we
can use

```bash
MIX_ENV=test mix ecto.drop
```

If we set **MIX_ENV=prod**, it will drop the production database.

Now lets fix another inconsistency in our naming conventions. All management modules like **customer_management**,
**order_management** end with an **\_management**, except **inventory**. In order to ensure consistency we will rename
**inventory** to **inventory_management**. This is also pretty simple by replacing all occurrences of **Inventory**
with **InventoryManagement**. Then rename **inventory** folder to **inventory_management** and we are done. Just like in
previous case, it will also change some tests. By running tests again, we can confirm that things are working correctly.

In next chapter, we will add order handling functionality.
