# Setting up Your Phoenix Application

## Setting up Phoenix with PostgreSQL

[Phoenix docs](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/installation.html) provides the complete tutorial to install elixir and phoenix framework. Go ahead and install it, I will wait.
Once we have installed it, lets start a new phoenix project. Mix is the build tool that ships with Elixir. It provides _tasks_ for performing various operations. Lets use mix to create a new project.
We will name our project _ms_(Yeah why not :D).

```bash
mix phx.new ms --no-html --no-webpack
```

This will walk you through creating the project and installing the dependencies. Once it is finished, we will get back the prompt. Now lets import the generated project in to our IDE.
I use the Intellij IDEA along with [intellij-elixir](https://github.com/KronicDeth/intellij-elixir) plugin. You can also use other editors.
Import the project via File > Open > path to ms folder, where the mix.exs file is present. Once the project is imported, we look at the database connectivity.
In order to know our database credentials we go _ms/config/dev.exs_.

We need to setup our PostgreSQL with these credentials. Lets set it up using docker and PostgreSQL. Go ahead and install docker from [here](https://docs.docker.com/install/).
Now we pull the PostgreSQL container and run it using the below command.

```shell
docker run --rm --name md -p 5433:5432 -i -t \
-v /home/name/your-directory:/var/lib/postgresql/data \
-e POSTGRES_DB=ms_dev -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres \
-e POSTGRES_USER=postgres postgres:latest
```

As we see we pass the PostgreSQL username, password and database as environment variable to docker using -e flag.
Now we need to create the ms_dev database and run the ecto migrations. For this, run the following commands.

```bash
cd ms
mix ecto.create # For creating database
mix ecto.migrate # To run migrations, we don't have any now though.
mix phx.server # Start the server
```

Now your phoenix app is reachable at _localhost:4000_. At this point onwards, I expect a basic understanding of Elixir.
For a quick overview, please read [elixir in Y minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/elixir/).
Other Phoenix / Elixir concepts will be explained as we progress. In the next chapter we will model and create our database tables using [ecto](https://hexdocs.pm/ecto/Ecto.html).
